



Zork I - The Great Underground Empire
An Interactive Fiction by Infocom (translated to Inform 7)
Release 4 / Serial number 260322 / Inform 7 v10.1.2 / D
Current
Translated to Inform 7 by John Escobedo
Original by Marc Blank, Dave Lebling, Bruce Daniels, and Tim Anderson
Copyright (c) 1981-1986 Infocom, Inc. ZIL source released under MIT License.

West of House
You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door.

There is a small mailbox here.


> look
West of House
You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door.

There is a small mailbox here.


> n

North of House
You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees.


> e

Behind House
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is slightly ajar.


> open window
With great effort, you open the window far enough to allow entry.


> w

Kitchen
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open.

A bottle is sitting on the table.

On the table is an elongated brown sack, smelling of hot peppers.

[Your score has just gone up by ten points.]


> w

Living Room
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room.

Above the trophy case hangs an elvish sword of great antiquity.

A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case.

Your collection of treasures consists of:
  an ancient map


> take sword
Taken.


> take lantern
Taken.


> turn on lantern
The brass lantern is now on.


> push rug
With a great effort, the rug is moved to one side of the room, revealing the dusty cover of a closed trap door.


> open trap door
The door reluctantly opens to reveal a rickety staircase descending into darkness.


> down
The trap door crashes shut, and you hear someone barring it.

Cellar
You are in a dark and damp cellar with a narrow passageway leading north, and a crawlway to the south. On the west is the bottom of a steep metal ramp which is unclimbable.

Your sword is glowing with a faint blue glow.

[Your score has just gone up by twenty-five points.]


> n

The Troll Room
This is a small room with passages to the east and south and a forbidding hole leading west. Bloodstains and deep scratches (perhaps made by an axe) mar the walls.

A nasty-looking troll, brandishing a bloody axe, blocks all passages out of the room.

Your sword has begun to glow very brightly.


> attack troll
You charge, but the troll jumps nimbly aside.
The troll's axe barely misses your ear.

> attack troll
Your sword misses the troll by an inch.

> attack troll
The troll is struck on the arm; blood begins to trickle down.

> attack troll
You charge, but the troll jumps nimbly aside.

> attack troll
It's curtains for the troll as your sword removes his head.
Almost as soon as the troll breathes his last breath, a cloud of sinister black fog envelops him, and when the fog lifts, the carcass has disappeared.

Your sword is no longer glowing.


> attack troll
You can't see any such thing.


> e

East-West Passage
This is a narrow east-west passageway. There is a narrow stairway leading down at the north end of the room.

[Your score has just gone up by five points.]


> e

Round Room
This is a circular stone room with passages in all directions. Several of them have unfortunately been blocked by cave-ins.

Your sword is glowing with a faint blue glow.


> s

Narrow Passage
This is a long and narrow corridor where a long north-south passageway briefly narrows even further.

Your sword is no longer glowing.


> s

Mirror Room
You are in a large square room with tall ceilings. On the south wall is an enormous mirror which fills the entire wall. There are exits on the other three sides of the room.


> rub mirror
There is a rumble from deep within the earth and the room shakes.


> n

Cold Passage
This is a cold and damp corridor where a long east-west passageway turns into a southward path.


> w

Slide Room
This is a small chamber, which appears to have been part of a coal mine. On the south wall of the chamber the letters "Granite Wall" are etched in the rock. To the east is a long passage, and there is a steep metal slide twisting downward. To the north is a small opening.


> n

Mine Entrance
You are standing at the entrance of what might have been a coal mine. The shaft enters the west wall, and there is another exit on the south end of the room.


> w

Squeaky Room
You are in a small room. Strange squeaky sounds may be heard coming from the passage at the north end. You may also escape to the east.


> n

Bat Room
You are in a small room which has doors only to the east and south. A large vampire bat, hanging from the ceiling, swoops down at you!

There is an exquisite jade figurine here.


> e

Shaft Room
This is a large room, in the middle of which is a small shaft descending through the floor into darkness below. To the west and the north are exits from this room. Constructed over the top of the shaft is a metal framework to which a heavy iron chain is attached.

At the end of the chain is a basket.


> lower basket
The basket is lowered to the bottom of the shaft.


> raise basket
The basket is raised to the top of the shaft.


> score
Your score is 40 (total of 350 points), in 32 moves.
This gives you the rank of Amateur Adventurer.
