



Zork I - The Great Underground Empire
An Interactive Fiction by Infocom (translated to Inform 7)
Release 4 / Serial number 260322 / Inform 7 v10.1.2 / D
Current
Translated to Inform 7 by John Escobedo
Original by Marc Blank, Dave Lebling, Bruce Daniels, and Tim Anderson
Copyright (c) 1981-1986 Infocom, Inc. ZIL source released under MIT License.

West of House
You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door.

There is a small mailbox here.


> look
West of House
You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door.

There is a small mailbox here.


> n

North of House
You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees.


> n

Forest Path
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north-south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path.


> e

Forest
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. The canopy here is thick, allowing only thin shafts of light to reach the forest floor. A carpet of pine needles muffles your footsteps.


> s

Clearing
You are in a small clearing in a well marked forest path that extends to the east and west.


> e

Canyon View
You are at the top of the Great Canyon on its west wall. From here there is a marvelous view of the canyon and parts of the Frigid River upstream. Across the canyon, the walls of the White Cliffs join the mighty ramparts of the Flathead Mountains to the east. Following the Canyon upstream to the north, Aragain Falls may be seen, complete with rainbow. The mighty Frigid River flows out from a great dark cavern. To the west and south can be seen an immense forest, stretching for miles around. A path leads northwest. It is possible to climb down into the canyon from here.


> jump
Nice view, lousy place to jump.

    ****  You have died  ****

Now, let's take a look here...
Well, you probably deserve another chance. I can't quite fix you up completely, but you can't have everything.

Forest
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. A faint breeze stirs the branches overhead, carrying the earthy scent of decaying leaves and damp moss.

[Your score has just gone down by ten points.]


> score
Your score is -10 (total of 350 points), in 8 moves.
This gives you the rank of Beginner.
